(Yuma)
Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL...
(Girag)
What... You want to get Nash
back to Barian World?
(Vector) That's right.
Our fearless leader
needs to rule, not to duel.
You sure about that?
Just do it.
Hey!
I don't like your attitude!
Is that so?
Well, maybe you'll like it
better after a friend of mine
has a word with you.
Say hello to Don Thousand!
(creepy laughing)
This makes things a
lot simpler for everybody!
You'll do exactly what
I tell you to.
(all) Let's duel!
You will never destroy
my Galaxy-Eyes!
Wrong again, Mizar.
I can use Chronomaly Chaos
Atlandis's special abilities!
That means Chronomaly
Chaos Atlandis
can equip
the monster it battled!
This cannot be!
Take his Tachyon Dragon!
Galaxy-Eyes!
You may think
you have angered me,
but all I feel is pity.
Pity for you...
because your last move has
assured that you two cretins
will suffer an agonizing
defeat at my hands!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
Those two brothers!
They stole my Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon,
so that I would not
be able to rank it up
to Neo-Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
They shall pay for
their thieving ways.
This I promise.
Mizar's strategy
was unstoppable.
Until they found
the way to stop it.
(Vector) This is unbelievable!
Mizar's getting outplayed
by two bumbling brothers!
How pathetic and embarrassing!
Your strongest
card's untouchable.
That's right.
There's no way you can win!
I admit I underestimated you.
But do not make the mistake
of underestimating me.
I summon Heliosphere Dragon!
That monster's got
no attack points.
He must be up to something.
When Heliosphere is the only
monster on my field...
you are not allowed to attack.
I see what Mizar's doing.
He must be stalling for time
until he can figure out a way
to get Tachyon Dragon back,
but I won't let him.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
♪♪
(Yuma) Trey...
Quinton...
It's my turn.
First, I activate
the trap card Number Lifter!
It lets me summon a Number
from my graveyard,
but without
its special abilities.
Now!
Take to the skies once more!
Number 9, Dyson Sphere!
Next, I activate
the spell card Rank-Up Return!
This card lets me get one
Rank-Up-Magic card
back from the graveyard.
So I'm getting back
and activating Rank-Up-Magic
Argent Chaos Force!
I overlay Rank 9 Dyson Sphere!
With this monster, I rebuild
the Overlay Network!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Rise, Chaos Number 9:
Chaos Dyson Sphere!
Careful...
Any monster that battles
Dyson Sphere
becomes its
Overlay Unit!
What?
And once per turn, it can deal
you 500 points of damage
for every one
of its Overlay Units!
He's smart.
His tactics are tight and
his skills polished.
You're right.
I misjudged this human.
Let's hope Mizar
did not as well.
That is one nasty,
ginormous monster.
(Mizar)
Your monster
may be impressive,
but it is useless to
you now, Quinton.
As long as I have Heliosphere on
my field, you cannot battle me.
Right now, Chaos Dyson
Sphere has one Overlay Unit.
With that infinitesimal
bit of damage,
it will take you a
hundred turns to beat me.
You're wrong, I'm going
to do it in just one!
No!
I think you're
forgetting something.
Our other Chaos Xyz Monster
has some special abilities
of its own.
What?
Allow me to explain...
Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis will
now use three Overlay Units
to reduce your
life points to 1!
(groaning)
(Mizar) Unthinkable!
How could I let mere
humans reduce me
to a single life point?
Mizar will punish
them for that!
Mizar, you must
be in Mizar-y!
Now Chaos Dyson Sphere's
special ability will wipe out
the rest of your life points!
Chaos Dyson Sphere,
bury that Barian!
Wipe out his
remaining life point!
Consider this
final move payback
for what you miserable Barians
did to our brother, Quattro!
Oh and Mizar,
we wanted this last blast
to pack a bit of extra punch,
as a painful reminder
of what we think of your
''great" Barian leader, Nash!
(Orbital 7)
All systems
fully operational.
314.25 seconds until launch
preparations are complete!
Master Kite!
I am picking up massive energy
spikes at the exact location
where Quinton
and Trey are dueling!
Yes, I'm aware of that.
Pay it no mind...
Keep working.
Aye-aye.
We did it, Quinton.
One Barian down, six more to...
(gasping)
How did he survive that blast?
He still has a life point!
Yes, fool.
How can this be?
It is simple.
The trap Damage Rebound
activated when I took damage
due to a special ability.
It blocked all the
damage I would have taken!
That is not all.
You have to select a
card on your field
and return it to the deck.
And if the card you chose
is a monster card,
you take damage equal
to its attack points.
But we only have monster
cards on our field!
And they're both strong enough
to drop our life points to zero,
so it doesn't matter
which one we choose!
We'll still lose!
Actually Trey we do have
one more card in our possession.
That is correct.
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
When Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon
Dragon is equipped,
it is not considered to
be a monster card,
so you will not take damage.
Essentially, you have no choice
but to give Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon to me!
He out-played us,
Quinton!
He was willing to
risk everything
to get his Dragon back.
Impressive.
I have no choice but to return
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
to your deck.
Since I have
Galaxy-Eyes back,
your Chaos Atlandis'
attack points drop,
along with your
hopes of winning!
This changed nothing.
You're still going to lose!
I activate Chaos Dyson
Sphere's special ability!
By using an Overlay Unit,
you take 800 points of damage!
I activate the trap
Damage Alteration!
With this card in play,
I take no damage.
So sorry to disappoint you.
Now, I summon a monster that has
the same number of attack points
as the damage I would
have taken.
I summon Parsec,
the Interstellar Dragon!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
(Girag) Nash!
Girag!
Save me, Nash!
Girag, what the...
(laughing)
Take it easy.
I'm just here to stop you
from dueling Yuma.
This is nothing personal.
I'm just following
Don Thousand's orders.
Don Thousand?
My turn!
I draw!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
The Seventh One!
With it, you are one
step closer to your demise!
Take flight!
Number 107:
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
And now at long last...
I overlay Rank 8 Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon.
With this monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos Number 107!
Barian power born from chaos,
surge through my Number
and bestow it with great might!
Come forth Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
He has his monster back.
And what a monster it is!
I mean look at that thing!
It's solid raw power!
All the way up to
its three heads!
This is the end,
for both of you.
Just because you say
we're through,
doesn't mean we are, Mizar.
I activate the trap
Monopole Chain!
As long as I have
my Chaos Dyson Sphere,
your monster can't attack!
Next, I activate
the trap Atlandis Invitation!
As long as Chronomaly Chaos
Atlandis is on our field,
your monster is
destroyed if it doesn't attack!
But the best part is that
you take damage
equal to its attack points!
Right, and Chaos Dyson Sphere
already made sure
it can't attack.
So it'll be destroyed
at the end of this turn!
Then I will take damage equal to
its attack points and lose...
at least that is what
you are hoping, is it not?
Well, forget it!
That will not happen!
Because you are
underestimating the power
of my Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
I activate Neo Tachyon's
special ability!
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
not only do I negate all
your cards' effects,
but I transcend time and return
all cards to the way they were
at the beginning of the turn!
Time Tyrant!
What is this?
I shall put it in a way that
even you can understand!
Time is rewinding.
Watch as all the work you
have done has been for naught.
I'll activate my trap again!
I bet you would
love to do that.
But like I said Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon's special ability
also prevents you from
activating your trap!
Then that means....
That beating me
is quite impossible!
But in case there is any hope
left in your heart,
this next move
will stomp it out.
By banishing my Heliosphere
and Parsec Dragons,
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
can attack three times!
All systems normal.
Exiting atmosphere
in 58.03 seconds.
(Kite) Next stop, the moon!
He's on his way!
He is.
Let me ask
you something, Mizar.
How does it feel to have been
played like a deck of cards?
What are you talking about?
Explain yourself!
We've been keeping you busy.
So Kite could
head for the moon.
The moon?
And he's not the only
one with travel plans.
Yuma and Astral are heading
to Barian World.
So what's the plan to
win this duel, Quinton?
I'd say we've already won.
We did what we set out to do.
Keep Mizar's mind off Kite.
What's that?
Oh my goodness!
It looks like...
Quinton and Trey!
Hey, how come I can see you?
Time to let the cat
out of the bag.
I've got something to say,
and I want both Yuma and our
friend, Mizar, to listen.
Everyone, Kite is
headed for the moon.
The moon?
As to why, well thatbegins with Jinlon.
See Kite did a little
digging into the legend
of Jinlon's temple
and he came up with an
interesting theory.
What?
I thought gathering the
seven Mythyrian Numbers
would lead us to
the Numeron Code,
but you're saying
that's not enough?
That's right.
I went back to Jinlon's ruins
to see if I could find anything
to back up my theory.
When I got there, Orbital's
sensors uncovered
an ancient stone monolith
with a riddle carved on it.
"Dragons of light and time, born
in the land hidden by light.
A duel at this unseen
soil will reveal the code"
So what do you make
of it, Quinton?
The 'Dragons of light and time'
must mean Galaxy-Eyes Photon
Dragon and Tachyon Dragon.
But where could the
land hidden by light be?
What's not seen in the day?
The moon!
That's it!
I think you might be right!
I am.
And the last line
of the riddle is
"A duel at this unseen
soil will reveal the code."
That means I will have a duel
there with my Galaxy-Eyes!
Furthermore, I deduced
that the code must be referring
to the Numeron Code.
My mission's clear.
Pack your bags
Galaxy-Eyes!
We're headed to the moon.
The Numeron Code.
Kite certainly is a clever
boy to have figured out
all that gibberish by himself.
And I commend your efforts
for keeping me occupied.
Too bad that is your final act.
Yuma, they didn't take
on Mizar for revenge,
they went to help us!
Astral, we gotta
go back for them!
(Quinton) Yuma, no!
It's all up to you now!
We fought hard to clearthe
way for your escape.
Don't let us down!
Can we get this over with?
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon,
attack Chaos Atlandis
with Ultimate Tachyon
Spiral of Destruction!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon,
attack Chaos Atlandis
with Ultimate Tachyon
Spiral of Destruction!
Don't do it!
Attack Chaos Dyson Sphere!
All right, Yuma.
You can do this,
I believe in you.
This may be our last duel,
but we're behind you.
And with you every
single step of the way, Yuma.
No, Trey...
Quinton...
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon, finish them!
(screaming)
(yelling)
Master Kite, we
lost their signal.
Understood, Oribital.
Good riddance!
(Dumon)
Are you going
to the moon?
(Mizar) Yes.
The duel that awaits me has been
a very long time in the making.
Yuma...
Yuma, you do not
face your mission alone.
I am always with you.
I'm just scared
that it won't be enough!
♪♪